python-union-reader-writer-example/README.md, before:

# Union reader-writer example in Python

## Get started
Run `docker-compose up --build` command in this directory.

Then, just use sample data files and add them to the *writer-folder*.
After a few seconds, the writer will take the data, push them to the Union and remove the files from *writer-folder*.
Once this is done, the reader will notice the new data, pull and save them to *reader-folder*.

## How does it work?
The docker-compose.yaml file contains both writer and reader services that are written in Python.

Writer listens to *writer-folder*. It accepts JSON files with data in JWLF (it stands for [Json Well Log Format](https://jsonwelllogformat.org/)) 
and CSV files which are converted eventually to JWLF. The files are then pushed to Union.

Reader, in turn, frequently query [Union](https://dev-dsp.southcentralus.cloudapp.azure.com) for the data,
pulls the logs in JWLF and saves them in *reader-folder*.

Both reader and writer works in the same data space that is identified by the following parameters:
UNION_CLIENT, UNION_REGION, UNION_ASSET and UNION_FOLDER.

If you created your own users or roles different from the described on [Union - Get Started](https://dev-dsp.southcentralus.cloudapp.azure.com/#get-started),
feel free to change the parameters in docker-compose.yaml or .env file that docker-compose refers to, and rerun the apps.

**If you haven't already visited [Union - Get Started](https://dev-dsp.southcentralus.cloudapp.azure.com/#get-started),
we encourage you to do so to better understand the whole process.**

Commit message:

feat: Python Union Reader Writer Example - refactoring and README.md updated

python-union-reader-writer-example/README.md, after:

# Union reader-writer example in Python

## Introduction
You can run the example using Docker (the easiest option) or through IDE.
In here, we describe Python IDE option.

## Run reader and writer with IDE
In order to run reader and writer Python scripts, you need to create virtual environment in this folder
and install packages enlisted in *requirements.txt*. Then, create *reader-folder* and *writer-folder* in this directory.
Once this is done, you can run *src/reader.py* and *src/writer.py*.

When reader and writer are run locally (not in Docker), by default they use *src/reader_local_config.ini*
and *src/writer_local_config.ini* configurations.

You can find more details on how to test reader and writer example in *README.md* in the parent folder. 

## Configuration
In Docker version, you can provide configuration through environment variables. 
However, when running the example locally, usually you don't want to play around with environment variables.
That's why when you run the example locally, configuration can be changed modifying
*src/reader_local_config.ini* and *src/writer_local_config.ini*.
